It's You
I thought you had all the evidence
Are you sure you still want to cooperate with Song Nianyi?
What are you talking about?
Of course I'm on your side
A dignified person in charge of Longcheng Group
To be afraid of a homeless person
What is the identity of life?
Or who is supporting him
What a powerful shot
He's Mr. Joe's granddaughter
So what do we do here?
Qiao Wangfeng breathed a sigh of relief abroad
No time to go home
As long as I take out Song Nianyi's handle
Let him be our puppet obediently
George can be of use to us
paralysis
How many of you?
Go and undress him
Ha ha.
Hahahaha
Isn't this coming? Haha.
Don't say
Nangong Group will not protect you
Why do you want to do it again and again?
Repeatedly committing crimes with the group
Wait for me
But my mother was killed by Lord Nangong